Copy Accelerator: Hello to everybody coming in. We'll get started in just a minute. Gonna let
Copy Accelerator: few more people
Copy Accelerator: pop in here.
Copy Accelerator: It's nice nice seeing a lot of people though you know a combination of
Copy Accelerator: new and familiar faces so pretty excited about that.
Copy Accelerator: And
Copy Accelerator: first and foremost, I guess.
Copy Accelerator: Let me just say it's great to see all of you that are in here. It is
Copy Accelerator: an honor to be working with each and every one of you, and whether you are a member of a team or the owner of a business. You know, pretty pumped for what we're doing here. If the relaunch will be.
Copy Accelerator: you know, doing weekly trainings like this one where we'll be going through different concepts. You know, skills, everything around
Copy Accelerator: direct consumer marketing, director response marketing. Ecom applies to B, twob, as well
Copy Accelerator: everything around both copy and cr things. And all the above. So yeah, for those of you've been with us for a while, like I see. You know, Dario and Frank and Ben Mark, a few other people like that. Good to see you guys and everyone who is
Copy Accelerator: brand new. I've never met good to meet you, and for those of you who I know but haven't seen a while like Moni, who just hopped in here. Great to see you as well, and I like the other the other stuffing in here, Stefan. By shoe. So glad to see a
Copy Accelerator: I follow Stefan.
Copy Accelerator: So one cool thing we'll do in the future with these calls is we will sometimes lead off with like wins. So just wins that you've gotten you know whether it's for your business or for the company you're a part of, or whatever it is. You know I love doing that for momentum. Since this is a brand new kind of initial training. In our first session, I won't lead off with that one today. Instead.
Copy Accelerator: we're pretty quickly gonna dive right in. And I'm gonna
Copy Accelerator: talk and share. And
Copy Accelerator: we'll also have options for our opportunities for questions and
Copy Accelerator: to interact with each other and all of that as well. So
Copy Accelerator: for everyone who's here let me go and share my screen. And of course, this is being recorded as well.
Copy Accelerator: Alright. So what we're talking about today
Copy Accelerator: is, gonna be big ideas. But I'll show you like, this is like you probably have seen. You may have seen me mentioned this previously.
Copy Accelerator: Let me make sure I'm able to let other people in who show up if they come in. You know, we're gonna go to go through all kinds of stuff in the coming weeks. So everything from like, you know, email swipes and ecom type of stuff to, you know. Long form, of course, like ads of all sorts, you know, funnels, cr things.
Copy Accelerator: unique mechanisms, deep market research.
Copy Accelerator: Yadda, yadda, yadda, we'll kind of go through
Copy Accelerator: all the good stuff.
Copy Accelerator: But the way it makes sense to really teach, you know, out the gate is
Copy Accelerator: more fundamental level things which doesn't mean easy or or basic necessarily. But it means things are really applicable broadly. So that would include stuff like big ideas.
Copy Accelerator: unique mechanisms, angles, hooks, all that good stuff that can then be applied to all sorts of
Copy Accelerator: funnels offers types of copy everything.
Copy Accelerator: And we're gonna start off today.
Copy Accelerator: as you may have known from my email, I want to put on Whatsapp talking about big ideas.
Copy Accelerator: And we'll talk about. You know what they are
Copy Accelerator: today, especially kind of what they are, a bit of how to come up with them
Copy Accelerator: and really recognizing big ideas in the wild. And also
Copy Accelerator: yeah, a little technique for sort of
Copy Accelerator: both analyzing and coming up with big ideas. We're gonna spend like a couple of weeks on big ideas. Because, frankly.
Copy Accelerator: we can. I'd rather do that than try to rush anything that I'm teaching, especially if it's a concept that is important. But we'll have different
Copy Accelerator: kind of things in different weeks. So today will be kind of like a broad overview and a little bit of you know some examples and some specificity. As I was preparing this honestly came up with a pretty cool, some cool ideas for for AI, like like a a Gpt type of thing, I think that I can create that will
Copy Accelerator: analyze big ideas for you and also potentially come up with big ideas. I've got some other ways to do that, both
Copy Accelerator: analog and with AI that I'll also teach. But
Copy Accelerator: You know I have some cool ideas for things I'll probably build out after this call and share as resources for our members. And you'll see
Copy Accelerator: really like, actually, I'll just, I'll just spoil. I'm I'm terrible at secrets and surprises. There's nothing there's nothing crazy of this. But really, it's actually a pretty simple little
Copy Accelerator: structure, right as you're gonna see here. And if you read my my email that I linked to people to really kind of which is really like when you look at a big idea. And we're gonna talk about this in much more depth.
Copy Accelerator: Really, like all any idea is is a combination of old ideas. Okay? And again, being a little ahead of myself. But if that's true.
Copy Accelerator: then really, you know, it's the same thing for a big idea. It's just that the big idea also has a few other characteristics.
Copy Accelerator: right? So which is that it's, you know. Can you immediately understand it? Does it feel important or exciting or beneficial? And does it support the copy that?
Copy Accelerator: you know, and selling the product right? So they'll make more sense in a minute. But really, this is like a little framework we're gonna have for big ideas that we'll we'll talk through here.
Copy Accelerator: And so the first 5, 7 min of this will be, you know, similar to what I wrote in the that email, and that I shared, but still worth going through it live together.
Copy Accelerator: And then, yeah, we'll branch out and do some other things on top of that. But I think it's good to do it live, and if you have questions as we get going in, general, put them in the chat to start. I'm definitely cool with like people.
Copy Accelerator: you know, unmute themselves. And we can actually have like a dialog. But initially, while I'm going through this stuff, I think if you just pop stuff into chat, that's probably the easiest way to do it.
Copy Accelerator: Okay? So
Copy Accelerator: you know, like, I just sort of mentioned and and alluded to it like, I think, like, I guess, let's just put this in the chat, who here feels like you have a good grasp on big ideas, and here it doesn't maybe say yes or no. You can just pop it in the chat like, yes, I feel good about it. No, I'm kind of like a little
Copy Accelerator: confused on big ideas, whatever it may be right.
Copy Accelerator: Okay. See some yeses coming in? That's cool.
Copy Accelerator: Think Darius is a math? Some guesses
Copy Accelerator: 50 50 bit confused. Yes, sort of
Copy Accelerator: cool.
Copy Accelerator: Yeah. I mean. So, to be honest with you guys, I feel like
Copy Accelerator: I feel like I really get big ideas now. But I feel like, even after I was a really highly successful
Copy Accelerator: copyrighter and marketer. It was sort of hard for me to
Copy Accelerator: to explain it. It was more like there's a classic
Copy Accelerator: thing in the Us. Where there was a Supreme Court case about
Copy Accelerator: like, you know, pornography essentially, and the definition was like.
Copy Accelerator: you can't define pornography, but you know it when you see it right. And that's sort of this famous line from a Supreme Court justice in the Us. And I think in a lot of cases we feel that way about big ideas as well. We're like, well, I can't. You know. I don't know exactly how to define it, but you know, when you see it. But you know David Ogilvy, who's obviously one of well, hopefully, obviously one of the the great kind of marketers and advertising people of all time
Copy Accelerator: had his definition of a big idea.
Copy Accelerator: which is like an idea that is instantly comprehended as important, exciting, and beneficial. It also leads to an inevitable conclusion, a conclusion that makes it easy to sell your product.
Copy Accelerator: Okay, so we're gonna talk about what that actually means today.
Copy Accelerator: But before we do that like I had in the email that I sent out and that I shared with you guys, I do want to go to an even more basic question of like, All right. Well, what's an idea? And I already kind of
Copy Accelerator: spoiled it a little bit by saying, You know ultimately what it is is a combination of older ideas. So
Copy Accelerator: you know, I mentioned like David Hume, who's like a Scottish boss from the eighteenth century, because I couldn't help myself.
Copy Accelerator: but really like David Hume is just an example of like people have been thinking about this for a long time. Actually, it's really interesting from my perspective. But really he's sort of like it's just like,
Copy Accelerator: you know, taking things and combining them together. And he talks about this example of a golden mountain
Copy Accelerator: right. When we think of a golden mountain, we only join 2 consistent ideas, gold and mountain.
Copy Accelerator: with which we were formally acquainted.
Copy Accelerator: And so basically, yeah, ideas or combinations of other elements. And there's a famous book by James Webb Young, called A Technique for Producing ideas.
Copy Accelerator: and he sort of has a similar thing, though, and less philosophical
Copy Accelerator: way. But you know, he says, an idea is nothing more nor less than a new combination of old elements. And so really, this concept is like, you're just taking 2 things gold Mountain combined together, gold and mountain, right like
Copy Accelerator: And that's sort of it. If you think about like, I mean, maybe take a minute
Copy Accelerator: to think about some kind of idea you would have like and
Copy Accelerator: like, what is it? Really? Here's a funny example, right? Think of like a superhero. Right? All it is is usually like.
Copy Accelerator: you know, like a super super woman or superman, right? Like some man or a woman
Copy Accelerator: who's got super powers
Copy Accelerator: combined together right? Like really anything you would think of
Copy Accelerator: from a perspective of an idea is really just a combination of other ideas, and you can get super philosophical. But that is for a different thing than you know. Kind of in-depth.
Copy Accelerator: copyrighting, training and marketing training and all that kind of stuff.
Copy Accelerator: Okay? So
Copy Accelerator: when you go back to Ogilby's definition of a big idea which, again, was like.
Copy Accelerator: you know, an idea that is instantly comprehended as important, exciting, and beneficial, and it leads to an inevitable conclusion that makes it easy to sell your product.
Copy Accelerator: you know. Really, if we take that and break it down to that big idea, definition to basic elements.
Copy Accelerator: all we're doing. And I got a real little space. So we don't get to that overwhelmed, you know, all we're doing is basically in a big idea, is taking 2 previous ideas, combined them in a new way that feels important, excited, beneficial, and helps you to sell your stuff
Copy Accelerator: right this parts from my email. We don't need to go too deep on that. But let's instead, look at a couple of examples, and then we'll go back to
Copy Accelerator: the elements of the big idea, and we'll look at the framework, and we're going to do some together as like a workshop.
Copy Accelerator: Right? So
Copy Accelerator: those of you who looked at the document saw the email. This is one that I wrote for a gut kind of offer
Copy Accelerator: a few years back was partnered in.
Copy Accelerator: and it's got like as is like that. The headline complexes we call it. It's got the big headline, a little bit of a copy before it what you would call a pre header. A bit of sort of post headline copy, so like post header right could hidden constipation be the real culprit behind our bloated, sworn stomachs.
Copy Accelerator: Plus the simple 20 s sorry one of America's most celebrated doctor reveals bombshell discovery could hid in constipation be the real culprit behind our bloated swelling stomachs, plus a simple 20 s fix that can rapidly improve digestion. Some downer bellies return about movements, regularity without any detoxes, master cleanses, or turning your insides into a gurgling, swirling vortex of discomfort.
Copy Accelerator: So I
Copy Accelerator: you know, feel like I'm pretty happy with the copy. But this did pretty well.
Copy Accelerator: and it's like, Okay, well, what's the big idea? And
Copy Accelerator: I don't know. Maybe intuitively, if you go back to the the
Copy Accelerator: the pornography definition of you'll know when you see it.
Copy Accelerator: It's like hidden constipation, right? Is this thing called hidden constipation behind
Copy Accelerator: your issues. Okay?
Copy Accelerator: And so then really like what I what I like to do. And this is maybe one of my super powers with a lot of stuff. If you go back to like Rmbc and just breaking down processes and things is bringing down to really basic elements. Right?
Copy Accelerator: are like the constituent parts of like a whole.
Copy Accelerator: And so really, all we have here, if we're if we're thinking, we're trying to combine, you know, old ideas to create a new idea. And in this case a new big idea. Then it's like, all right. What are the building blocks?
Copy Accelerator: One of them is like constipation.
Copy Accelerator: and the other one is like a secret hidden problem right?
Copy Accelerator: now so arbitrary, you could phrase it different ways within a day like it's hidden. Constipation is culprit. So it's really like if we just if we just simplify a way for an idea, it's like constipation, a secret, hidden problem.
Copy Accelerator: So
Copy Accelerator: you know, as I put here, ideal block number one is sort of self-explanatory.
Copy Accelerator: but for the second one, right?
Copy Accelerator: Why is it powerful? Well, it does. It helps. If you know the market you're speaking to. We are going to go through market research very in depth.
Copy Accelerator: not today, necessarily, but you know, in a future training. Before long this one of the things we're gonna go very deep on is like market research, both like the analog way and using AI as well.
Copy Accelerator: But if you know your market a bit. You know you're writing to your market. Regularly, you are immersed like this is why research is really important. Then, for example, we've got health.
Copy Accelerator: What you tend to find is that there's this common refrain of both in the copy and that people kind of mention
Copy Accelerator: where there's sort of like, I know. Something's messed up with my gut, but nobody seems able to diagnose it like not even me.
Copy Accelerator: And this is something that you know you'll see in golden hippo, and Gundry offers going back several years still gets used today. There's this idea of like.
Copy Accelerator: And, by the way, it's not just for gut, really?
Copy Accelerator: it really ties into like a kind of core copy concept of, like.
Copy Accelerator: you know, often like, it's not really your fault, right like, hey? It's not your fault. This sort of like hidden culprit is been going on, and you haven't known about it.
Copy Accelerator: and that's actually pretty universal. Whether that is health, whether it's like.
Copy Accelerator: you know, biz, OP, or whatever it is training education. You know, typically, it's like.
Copy Accelerator: whether it said really explicitly or implied, it's typically like, Hey, you know, it's not really
Copy Accelerator: your fault. And in the gut space it's often like
Copy Accelerator: that.
Copy Accelerator: It's yeah. It's not my fault. And in fact, I can't, but it's frustrating. It may have been like it, but I'm also frustrated. There's all frustration, and that's actually common to pretty universal as well, right like they're frustrated because they know something's going on. They've tried probiotics. They've tried detoxes maybe they've gone and talked to their doctor, and their doctor is sort of like. I don't know. Nothing's wrong with you. It's in your head, and they feel really, you know, frustrated and like what's going on here.
Copy Accelerator: and so like I put here. They're kind of saying like, I know they're saying messed up in my gut, but nobody seems able to diagnose it, not even me. So back to it being hidden.
Copy Accelerator: And you know, of course, they would love for what's hidden to be illuminated so they can start to look and feel better.
Copy Accelerator: And that's what we're promising to reveal in here something that could be the real cause
Copy Accelerator: which is hidden constipation.
Copy Accelerator: And that would help us to sell our product right? So going back to that thing here, it's like, okay, idea, building block, one constipation building block 2, there's something hidden that's causing your issues.
Copy Accelerator: And then, if we're like, Okay, well, what's like the.
Copy Accelerator: you know, how does this help us sell? Sell the product? Well.
Copy Accelerator: if, like, we're going to tell you that, like, you know, this hidden conservation thing is really the cause, and we're going to show you how to fix it. Then, obviously, if our product helps to fix it, they're going to want to buy it.
Copy Accelerator: Okay.
Copy Accelerator: hopefully, this is making sense. I don't know if I'm going too fast. We are going to spend time. I kind of want to get through an overview and then get to sort of workshopping things.
Copy Accelerator: are you guys following what I'm saying thus far, Army says, makes sense alright cool. I'm seeing some head nods. So that's good. Okay.
Copy Accelerator: awesome. Armen. Thank you. Glad to. Glad to hear that
Copy Accelerator: And again, like what you know to to cheat a little bit. If you go back to like this criteria which I'll be sharing. I'll share all this stuff of everybody. In fact, I may move this into like a second document. Now.
Copy Accelerator: just to cheat a little
Copy Accelerator: me one sec here.
Copy Accelerator: So sort of like, if we have this criteria. Okay, building block one again, I'm not going to write it in this one yet. I have it mapped out for us below, like constipation.
Copy Accelerator: something, you know, hidden. And you know, saying, hidden, that's causing your problems.
Copy Accelerator: Right? Is it? Instantly comprehensible to me? It's like, yeah, because.
Copy Accelerator: like, it's just curiosity. But you know the concept of constipation. And so this idea that, like, there might be some kind of secret constipation like I I don't. I don't know if anybody doesn't get it. Maybe you want to know more, but you don't like not. You're not like what's constipation like.
Copy Accelerator: I think it is important. What's certainly important to somebody who's suffering from these pain points and problems?
Copy Accelerator: Is it exciting?
Copy Accelerator: You know I feel like it is. Of course we can use copy to to enhance the excitement of it. Like.
Copy Accelerator: you know, there's one of America's most celebrated doctors reveals this bombshell discovery. Obviously, that copy is being used to make it seem even more exciting like this. Momentous.
Copy Accelerator: you know. Event.
Copy Accelerator: And is it beneficial?
Copy Accelerator: Well, yeah, obviously, if I can fix my, you know, do a 20 s fix, I can improve digestion and do all these sorts of things without
Copy Accelerator: all the kind of crap that I would normally do, and not like that. That seems really beneficial. And, like we mentioned, you know, does it support
Copy Accelerator: the copy and selling the product, like, you know, definitely it does right? And so
Copy Accelerator: one of the big takeaways from today's call.
Copy Accelerator: And then again, I will share all this with everybody. But
Copy Accelerator: is like this is a very nice and simple framework for analyzing. When you have a big idea, and we're gonna look at some ads, too. By the way, I'm starting with like longer form stuff. But
Copy Accelerator: you know, like,
Copy Accelerator: what's the method of using our Internet? I'll come back to that in a second. But
Copy Accelerator: you know, this alone should be really valuable. As you go to kind of analyze or critique. You know your big ideas, or big ideas and copy or things of that nature.
Copy Accelerator: Now, Ben had asked, what's the benefit of using our and the headline versus using your, I think, honestly been at the time for that one, especially with Facebook compliance, which is one of the main places we were running traffic.
Copy Accelerator: Just didn't want to use your as like a call out type of thing. You know, compliance is sort of
Copy Accelerator: continues to be a really tricky place, because a lot of people feel like, Oh, you can never use your and Facebook copy. But
Copy Accelerator: yeah, you can just just depends on a lot of of
Copy Accelerator: different kind of nuance. And so
Copy Accelerator: it was just R to to make it feel more like.
Copy Accelerator: I guess so, to to not worry about compliance as we were watching that.
Copy Accelerator: Yes, sir, of course, Dario, how did you decide if the big idea should be mechanism of problem or mechanism of solution?
Copy Accelerator: Cool? Yeah. So
Copy Accelerator: I mean tick, typically
Copy Accelerator: typically, you kind of mentioned both. But but usually
Copy Accelerator: I'm trying to think through this. And we'll we'll, you know, for those who are newer to. Obviously, we'll talk about mechanisms a lot more. But
Copy Accelerator: like for this one. For example. Okay, if the problem is like
Copy Accelerator: pain, conservation is causing this, you know. Usually the solution
Copy Accelerator: is
Copy Accelerator: pretty simple. Now, in your guys's case.
Copy Accelerator: I won't name. I won't. I don't talk about what you guys sell on this coffee on my way to Dario. But right? But it's it's a good device. I'll just. I'll just say that. And so like that is like.
Copy Accelerator: you know.
Copy Accelerator: you're usually still talking about, I started to say is about without, say, what you guys have. But like, basically, what out generally is problem. Let's just leave that for now we'll go deeper as we as we go. Generally the problem. And maybe you're talking about fixing the problem a little bit. But you're you're more so calling out the problem because it's more
Copy Accelerator: like it's almost diagnostic more often than it is like.
Copy Accelerator: Hey, there's a solution like, you know, even if you know, maybe you're teasing some aspect of the solution. But but generally the problem is what somebody is more interested in, and and what you call it more often. And then you, of course, promise
Copy Accelerator: you weave in like sort of
Copy Accelerator: you know, promises that you're gonna fix that problem for them. And they're gonna see how
Copy Accelerator: or or you know, if it was an add and you're going really quickly. And hey, but this is like a product that that fixes the problem.
Copy Accelerator: But generally we go problem focus.
Copy Accelerator: Okay? So the next one, I kind of shared in that email. And then again, I do have a bunch of additional examples that weren't
Copy Accelerator: in that email. That'll be fun to go through
Copy Accelerator: right? Was this be your control thing? I did maybe 2 years back, 3 years back. I don't know. 2
Copy Accelerator: for
Copy Accelerator: I have 21, which is like, you know, Steve. Guns like. He just talked on Cbd, he had this kind of amino acids product like muscle stuff with Mike Tyson. I don't think he's really.
Copy Accelerator: I think he had like a challenge with Mike as a spokesperson. I don't think he's really running that they're focused more, Tommy Chong. But you know, this did
Copy Accelerator: crush the control when I when I wrote it right? And so this is again, a bit more direct response in your face. But we'll get some other examples that I keep mentioning. But
Copy Accelerator: yeah, I thought the copy was super cool on this right. Mike Tyson. Professional bombshell. I used to talk about ripping my opponents heart out, but inside I've always felt like a fat, scared little kid.
Copy Accelerator: Here's how the Champ finally reclaimed his manhood, all dropping 83 pounds of retirement weight that had been piling into out of his gut and leaving him sluggish, exhausted, and knocking at death store. And one quick note the promise throughout the copy of that this one is not like that. You'll lose a 3 pounds. But he actually did lose 83 pounds. So it's part of a true story. Just to notate that I was wondering if we did some super black hat thing with Mike Tyson. We didn't. It's just like that was part of his story.
Copy Accelerator: Okay,
Copy Accelerator: And so going back to breaking down the building blocks. Really building block number one is just like Mike Tyson, and I mean you, could you could you could add more
Copy Accelerator: context. So you could say, You know, it's the idea of Mike Tyson and his prime right or just Mike Tyson either way, and then building block number 2 is like secret and security. So I'm trying. I was almost like, how do I make these building blocks? The most
Copy Accelerator: simple, like
Copy Accelerator: kind of like like
Copy Accelerator: parts, right? And so it's like.
Copy Accelerator: like, Yeah, I get. I could say, Mike Tyson and all the stuff that goes with them by then they might. Tyson's like Super, famous like most would know who my Tyson is. It's really it's the idea of Mike Tyson when and you have your immediate preconceived notions and thoughts and memories of Mike Tyson in general. And for this
Copy Accelerator: market, going back to knowing the market. That's gonna be a bunch of men 40 plus.
Copy Accelerator: When they think of Mike Tyson they think about him.
Copy Accelerator: you know. Maybe he's a little bit crazy, but it's one of the best boxes of all time. A lot of them could probably remember, you know, some of his great fights some of the fights where he lost, but, like bit of Evander Holyfield's ear. Off
Copy Accelerator: right but like, that's what they're thinking of. And so, you know, maybe a young person thinks of him is like, oh, that guy from the hangover. But that's where knowing your market is really going back to. That is really important, right?
Copy Accelerator: and so really like what makes this a big idea. Work.
Copy Accelerator: I think, is like the juxt position between 2 seemingly incongruent things like, what does that mean? Well, it's like, there's an idea that most people, especially in the market, have, with my Tyson in this prime, as like a terrifying, extremely confident, like apex competitor. And then there's this much more relatable idea of someone seeming tough on the outside, but being vulnerable and emotionally scarred on the inside. We're just saying that we can all relate to, and even, you know.
Copy Accelerator: Dudes, who are 40 plus, you know, kind of like.
Copy Accelerator: you know, they have insecurities and fears too. Right? Everyone has insecurities and fears, and
Copy Accelerator: especially for a man who's who's older. Well, maybe woman, too. But I think men are really, you know.
Copy Accelerator: often afraid to to share a lot of those insecurities and private thoughts right like they don't confess as much. They don't talk with their
Copy Accelerator: guy friends about them as much, necessarily.
Copy Accelerator: And so we kind of just combined those 2 ideas into this promo.
Copy Accelerator: So it took people's conception of Mike Tyson and subverted it
Copy Accelerator: right. That made him suddenly seem more human, more relatable, more like us.
Copy Accelerator: And you know this creates a lot of curiosity, of course, and it definitely captures the prospects attention.
Copy Accelerator: But if you go back to making it easier to sell the product.
Copy Accelerator: Well, like, I think, yeah, definitely, it is because, as I wrote
Copy Accelerator: a lot of people's concept, this is what I really thought about when I was writing this lead. And that headline complex is like.
Copy Accelerator: you know, you have Mike Tyson as a spokesperson. It seems great, and you can always be like I might, Tyson. I'm really famous. Buy this.
Copy Accelerator: But you're selling like a transformation. Right? You're which you're almost always selling the transformation.
Copy Accelerator: And the transformation is like, you know, you're gonna lose some weight, gain some muscle, bulk up, have more energy, feel better not bulk up, but just be like more muscular, strong, and like kind of more of like an alpha male. And so
Copy Accelerator: if, like Mike Tyson, come like, Hey, this is, gonna you know, make you really like strong like they're like, all right. Well, you're Mike Tyson. So what do you know about this? And even if you're like, oh, I'm Mike Tyson, and you know, after our retire from box they lost weight, or I gained weight, but then I lost it and put muscle back on you. Like, yeah. But you're Mike Tyson. You're like, you're a genetic freak. And, by the way, what I'm doing is actually really important. It's like going back to almost entering the conversation in the prospects. Mind, if you ever heard that concept before, it's like, okay, if I present this idea in this form
Copy Accelerator: to a prospect.
Copy Accelerator: or does somebody to your friend? Right? Go test it with your friends, coworkers, other people like, what are they gonna say, and what objections are they gonna have? And how are they gonna pick this thing apart? And so again, like, you know, Mike Tyson's a generic free. I'm receiving him box in his prime. He was like chiseled, you know. He was like he didn't have an ass to buy fat on him, so like. Of course, Mike Tyson could lose weight really easily and put on muscle. He's Mike fucking Tyson like I'm you know. I'm 55, with a bad back and knee pain, and you know, like.
Copy Accelerator: That's different for me. And so that's why this idea is really powerful of, like the the hidden securities.
Copy Accelerator: and really like what the the lead goes on to kind of explain is that, you know he actually struggled
Copy Accelerator: with his weight, his whole life, like right, he actually tortured himself to make weight for his fights. He was like self conscious about it. He used to wear like all these like trash bags, is like just sweat himself out when he was like trying to cut weight and then, you know. Then, after he retired, you know, he put on weight, became a slob. You know, kind of went downhill
Copy Accelerator: and you know he's kind of he's just like you, which means a solution that he found can also work for you.
Copy Accelerator: And so that's like, really like where it becomes really powerful.
Copy Accelerator: And so if I kind of go back to this criteria that I've been sharing.
Copy Accelerator: okay. So we talked about building block one Mike Tyson.
Copy Accelerator: But in block 2 hidden securities the big idea combined together, like
Copy Accelerator: you know. Sort of like.
Copy Accelerator: hey? I'm Mike Tyson, I seem really. And you don't have to. When you do this. You don't need to write this in headline format. Right? It's like, hey? I'm Mike Tyson, and I probably seem really intimidating. And you think about me as this, like.
Copy Accelerator: you know, physical specimen. But I actually used to be a fat kid, and I've always been really insecure about my weight.
Copy Accelerator: You know, whatever you can just sort of write it out. It's fine, like. Obviously it ends up being in like a headline format, but like
Copy Accelerator: big idea, you know, I might taste in you. Think of me as an apex like athlete. But actually, I've always had weight issues and felt really secure about them.
Copy Accelerator: That's a good, nice, easy way to sort of sum it up.
Copy Accelerator: So it's really comprehensible, like, yeah, everyone can kind of comprehend or relate to like.
Copy Accelerator: you know, people perceiving you one way. But you feel a different way inside.
Copy Accelerator: or maybe even feeling like a fat, scared little kid.
Copy Accelerator: Important. We're gonna have a professional bombshell, cause I like it. But you know, it's probably if you're a boxing fan, or Mike Tyson Fan, or, you know, kind of like just someone who's interested in like the T right like it's almost gossipy, like a tabloid headline. Feels important. Think it's same thing that definitely feels exciting like you're like what like Mike Tyson is saying. He used to feel like he always felt like a fat, scared little kid like.
Copy Accelerator: you know. And then, you know, is it beneficial? Yeah, especially the
Copy Accelerator: you know. Kind of the the the copy does a little bit of heavy lifting on the beneficial component
Copy Accelerator: and I talked about how it, you know, supports the copy and selling the product. Right?
Copy Accelerator: So okay, what we're gonna do in a second
Copy Accelerator: is, we're gonna basically like, I have the same format here.
Copy Accelerator: we're gonna look at a bunch of always some different kind of like
Copy Accelerator: landing pages and some ads and things like that.
Copy Accelerator: And then we're gonna like, basically go through this exercise
Copy Accelerator: together a bunch of times, but I am pausing for for some questions and stuff like that, so I see it from Ben does the way you presented the headline as a gospel com story, tie into the big idea, or is that something else?
Copy Accelerator: You know? It's a great question. So I mean the way I would view it is like
Copy Accelerator: the headline is like A is a manifestation of the big idea. I mean, the big idea at the end of the day is like
Copy Accelerator: Mike Tyson.
Copy Accelerator: again. Seems like this apex athlete, but he's actually always been really insecure and been a fat, little scared, scared little kid inside
Copy Accelerator: and like.
Copy Accelerator: you know, that's sort of like the the crux of the big idea. So the headlines like, how do you manifest that in a way that creates a lot of, you know. Curiosity and
Copy Accelerator: motion captivates most attention. Kind of more heavy lifting to sort of support the big idea. So I guess really
Copy Accelerator: it'd be fair to say like
Copy Accelerator: that. They're, you know, the gossip column thing is sort of yeah way to to to present the big idea in a very captivating way. And that's like the.
Copy Accelerator: you know, the beauty of copywriting, so to speak, right? That's how we take the big idea and put it into.
Copy Accelerator: you know, a format that's gonna really grab somebody's attention and and get them go like, what?
Copy Accelerator: What other questions do you all have before I keep going here.
Copy Accelerator: Don't be shy if you've got any, and I know again this is like the first training of of you know at least 52 right with Ca, pro, you'll be in a a year. Commitment
Copy Accelerator: and obviously
Copy Accelerator: you'll have other resources beyond the trainings and all that. But so, you know, if you're hopefully, you're all feeling like that. This is great. I'm right here with you. If you're feeling at all like maybe
Copy Accelerator: a little bit lost or like, okay, like.
Copy Accelerator: I don't know any kind of way, I would say, don't worry too much about that, because obviously, you know, we're gonna keep working together. You're gonna see a lot of concepts over and over again. We're gonna practice stuff implement like there'll be a lot of you know, a lot of will will happen.
Copy Accelerator: But any other questions before I continue on.
Copy Accelerator: Not that's okay.
Copy Accelerator: Alright.
Copy Accelerator: So
Copy Accelerator: I put you to practice. So what I'll do. Here.
Copy Accelerator: let me see if I have this sharing.
Copy Accelerator: This is viewer like, I'll pop this into the the chat so you can have
Copy Accelerator: your own kind of version of this.
Copy Accelerator: now you only have a your view access so you can make a copy of it. I'll definitely will also add this to the members area along with the call replay and recording and all that kind of stuff, but
Copy Accelerator: sharing it so that you all have a copy of it, and I'll actually make myself a copy. That's sort of like a
Copy Accelerator: working copy while we're doing this here.
Copy Accelerator: Make the zoom a bit bigger, too.
Copy Accelerator: Alright.
Copy Accelerator: So like, let's actually just go through and like.
Copy Accelerator: look at some copy in the wild, so to speak.
Copy Accelerator: And then we can sort of go through this criteria
Copy Accelerator: together.
Copy Accelerator: So this first one
Copy Accelerator: I will trade. I will share the other document with you guys as well
Copy Accelerator: is
Copy Accelerator: from like paleo hacks. I was just going through my like. I have a evernote where I just save like links to tons of stuff. So I just kind of pulled random things
Copy Accelerator: alright. So and really, we're just gonna look at
Copy Accelerator: the headlines and and maybe a few lines of copy at most. Because, generally like the big idea should be expressed in the headline, and it will obviously do a whole training or multiple things on headlines and all that. But
Copy Accelerator: for now you understand that so
Copy Accelerator: eat chocolate, pancakes, cinnamon waffles, and French toast, drizzle and blueberry syrup breakfast. Yeah. Still, some down with a keto diet.
Copy Accelerator: Get a low-carb recipes for morning favorites like donuts, muffins, bagels, and more with the brand new keto breakfast cookbook.
Copy Accelerator: Okay, so.
Copy Accelerator: but I can actually copy this a bunch of times that way.
Copy Accelerator: Okay, so
Copy Accelerator: what feel free to put in the chat, or you can shout it out, or whatever like. And what do you all think is like?
Copy Accelerator: what are some of the the elements like we like? I mean, you can either do it like idea number One or I did number 2. But we're trying to find, like the 2
Copy Accelerator: building blocks here, like.
Copy Accelerator: what do you think they are? Feel free to
Copy Accelerator: from in the chatter, or you can say them out loud.
Copy Accelerator: Keto, when he said, Dario Keto.
Copy Accelerator: eat delicious food. Yeah.
Copy Accelerator: Anyone else want to add anything.
Copy Accelerator: Be a decking their breakfast and be in Keto. I'm a nice yeah.
Copy Accelerator: Your favorite foods them down, contrary to preconceived ideas.
Copy Accelerator: Pick out as much as you want, keep losing weight.
Copy Accelerator: Yeah, perfect. Perfect. I mean, that's you know, I think pretty much everyone's answers are are different ways of of seeing a pretty similar thing like when I when I looked at it, I mean like that. I I had thought the word decadent, but that's just like there's no, it's not like decadence, the right answer. But I thought, you know kind of like
Copy Accelerator: like a decadent.
Copy Accelerator: like a
Copy Accelerator: decadent like highly status
Copy Accelerator: buying like.
Copy Accelerator: but naughty breakfast, for now right
Copy Accelerator: I mean isn't like, you know, like you should be able to eat that stuff like
Copy Accelerator: and not and not lose weight right? And that's sort of like
Copy Accelerator: yelled.
Copy Accelerator: lose weight
Copy Accelerator: with Keto
Copy Accelerator: right? And so then to what the point like, I think cogal kind of sums this up right? So really, if you combine together, it's like
Copy Accelerator: you know, Pete.
Copy Accelerator: Eileen Deccan!
Copy Accelerator: Breakfast with things like
Copy Accelerator: pancakes waffles
Copy Accelerator: still. Just wait.
Copy Accelerator: still be in keto and lose weight. Probably still be in Keto, and
Copy Accelerator: or being ketosis. But whatever?
Copy Accelerator: Okay? So
Copy Accelerator: the video about that is it instantly comprehensible
Copy Accelerator: without sacrifice? Yeah, like that. Ben. Yeah, that's good.
Copy Accelerator: Right? Yeah.
Copy Accelerator: I would say.
Copy Accelerator: is it important?
Copy Accelerator: Yeah, if you're trying to lose weight? But you got a sweet tooth, or you like to eat decadent meals, or you struggle with the Keto diet.
Copy Accelerator: Is it exciting?
Copy Accelerator: Yeah, if you were trying to lose Keto, and you're like I can eat chocolate pancakes and lose weight and stay in Keto
Copy Accelerator: right? Like as a beneficial.
Copy Accelerator: Definitely. Because, you know, we're talking about
Copy Accelerator: that, I can essentially have my cake and eat it to pun somewhat intended right? And then,
Copy Accelerator: yeah, does that idea support
Copy Accelerator: the copy and selling the product? Well, yeah, I mean, they're selling a keto breakfast cookbook. So it definitely does.
Copy Accelerator: And
Copy Accelerator: one, I think one really important thing I'll I'll point out here is that
Copy Accelerator: one thing I've kind of found, or I've been realizing. And I talked about this a bit at our last the live mastermind we had, and
Copy Accelerator: We talk about Donny French, who's who's one of the partners of performance golfer, and I'll look at one of their pieces of copy in a second. But
Copy Accelerator: I found that, like
Copy Accelerator: simple ideas really work, and are so powerful sometimes as copywriters. This is maybe like amusing. But in case it helps somebody
Copy Accelerator: you know, sometimes we might feel like, we gotta really have.
Copy Accelerator: You know this really, I mean even he was like, Oh, like weird breakfast ritual.
Copy Accelerator: you know, lets you
Copy Accelerator: eat pancakes, and you know, do whatever like, and and still stay in Keto. It's like, but the the the breakfast ritual was an example. There, right? Like, you see that stuff on like click bank type of offers. It's like there's anything wrong with that. That stuff seems to work, apparently, and it and it does work. But like sometimes, like, you don't need a really now, you not need a really complicated idea. You don't really want one. If you're just like, Hey, you can eat
Copy Accelerator: pancakes and all this decking and stuff. And yet you can stay in Keto and still lose weight
Copy Accelerator: like that's a very simple idea. But somebody immediately grasps it. And really, all that, you know
Copy Accelerator: is happening as you're sort of just taking.
Copy Accelerator: I guess, when you combine idea, you're really just taking like what what they already know and stuff they already understand. You're just sort of taking one little twist to it, or one little like change in this case, and still saying Keto, and lose weight
Copy Accelerator: right
Copy Accelerator: And so good. My dad's really just like, Hey, these are these 2 ideas. So they're actually in harmony. And that's actually one other really interesting observation to make, too right. If you go back to the Mike Tyson one, it's sort of like
Copy Accelerator: it's I talk about being incongruent in a way it seems incongruent right like. Oh, and I guess that's still kind of similar here. So a lot of times like this is not a a an always single big ideas. But it's worth kind of identifying or being interesting that there's like this incongruance
Copy Accelerator: principle. We can say, that's like, if you take 2 things that seeming congruent and say, but they're not.
Copy Accelerator: That's like a very like interesting way of like often coming up with a pretty interesting
Copy Accelerator: big idea. So Mike Tyson is a killer. He's a scared little fat kid in the side
Copy Accelerator: like Susan Congruent. It's actually not
Copy Accelerator: gets your attention right like these are decadent breakfast. You can eat them and still sink. You don't lose weight. Seems it congruent?
Copy Accelerator: Actually, not right?
Copy Accelerator: So yeah, sort of talk through that for a second.
Copy Accelerator: Alright, let's look at another one here.
Copy Accelerator: This nutrition one I know I've got a lot of neutral stuff. Honestly, I was just point examples I'm happy to. If they want to
Copy Accelerator: drop in other examples in the chat. After we get through some of these, like, we can look at others that are non neutral for sure. And, by the way, they might not have big ideas right now everything does. And we'll talk about that at the end of this, too. Not everything has a big idea. Not everything necessarily needs a big idea, generally.
Copy Accelerator: between having a big idea and not having a big idea. A big idea is better. But it's not like
Copy Accelerator: if some copy doesn't send a there's copy that can work without a big idea, too. And we'll talk about that at the end.
Copy Accelerator: Okay.
Copy Accelerator: so
Copy Accelerator: going back to this one. And this is just like roots, college and super food super charging metabolism and stop aging its tracks with this all in one fat, burning milkshake.
Copy Accelerator: I don't think we have to even go too deep to this on this one. But really, I'll just point out like.
Copy Accelerator: okay, it's like, well, we tell me, what, what are the 2? What are the 2 ideas of this one real quick.
Copy Accelerator: or what are what are you know. Put them in the chat.
Copy Accelerator: Anyone
Copy Accelerator: milkshake cooking easy to drink. Yep.
Copy Accelerator: Pat Bernie Mokshake.
Copy Accelerator: Yeah.
Copy Accelerator: I mean, really, I would just I would if I was gonna just kind of kind of
Copy Accelerator: separate them into 2 parts.
Copy Accelerator: It's just sort of like.
Copy Accelerator: you know.
Copy Accelerator: speeder metabolism
Copy Accelerator: burn fat
Copy Accelerator: like drinking milkshake
Copy Accelerator: right? And it's really just like again, seemingly incongruent.
Copy Accelerator: This is not like a wildly powerful big idea, right? But this is sort of like, yeah, burn fat, was saying this highly delicious like.
Copy Accelerator: You know.
Copy Accelerator: speaker, metabolism.
Copy Accelerator: fair, fat.
Copy Accelerator: drinking milkshake.
Copy Accelerator: and so
Copy Accelerator: to me, I mean honestly, if I go back to like
Copy Accelerator: this criteria
Copy Accelerator: like.
Copy Accelerator: I just found this in my airflow. I'm not sharing it like at
Copy Accelerator: like. You know I don't. I'm
Copy Accelerator: this is like a very often used one, and I'll show you example in a second of what I mean.
Copy Accelerator: So it's like, is it comprehensible? Like, yeah, it is. There's still some skepticism there, I mean sitting with the paleo one, too, I guess. But
Copy Accelerator: you know, is it important?
Copy Accelerator: Yeah, I don't know. Is there a gut reaction? If you look at this one versus the paleo one we just looked at
Copy Accelerator: right?
Copy Accelerator: and maybe part of it's because of the paleo one like they're they're showing you that it's a cookbook right away. So you feel less like skeptical
Copy Accelerator: about it.
Copy Accelerator: like you're like, Oh, wow! Like right? But then it's like, you know there's this cookbook that's part of like the kind of whole immediate thing. And so
Copy Accelerator: you can easily go from
Copy Accelerator: feeling skeptical
Copy Accelerator: that can do this stuff and stay in Keto and lose weight to like. Okay, cookbook, you know, I know that there's Keto cookbook. So
Copy Accelerator: you know, that kind of makes sense.
Copy Accelerator: whereas with this one
Copy Accelerator: like if I look at it.
Copy Accelerator: And I'm like, all right, supercharger metabolism.
Copy Accelerator: But for Faberny Mokshake.
Copy Accelerator: I mean, I guess I see this product. This is a college and super food.
Copy Accelerator: I don't know. I just I just feel like it doesn't. And maybe this is hard to say I feel. But I'm curious. What did you? I don't want to influence you. Do you guys do any of you kind of understand or have that same intuitive feeling to it, or do you feel like? No, I totally get it. I I want this product
Copy Accelerator: like to me. And maybe you know, it's a specificity with this one, too. But to me I feel like this one I don't like have the the same exact like.
Copy Accelerator: But is it exciting again? Like.
Copy Accelerator: Yeah, I guess if this mokshake really does those things like, sure.
Copy Accelerator: But it's like, not really emotion, because I can see it's super food here.
Copy Accelerator: beneficial. Yeah. But I mean, of course, that'd be beneficial.
Copy Accelerator: And it does. Yeah, it does sell the
Copy Accelerator: like. A milkshake does help sell the product.
Copy Accelerator: But
Copy Accelerator: you know.
Copy Accelerator: Andre said. He thinks that the stop aging thing is like exciting. Yeah, I agree. But even that's tough, because it's like, is it about found of youth? Stop aging, but it's like well, which one is it? Is it metabolism and fat, burning milkshake? Or is it stop aging thing? There's sort of 2 ideas
Copy Accelerator: mixed together in this.
Copy Accelerator: It's not the end of the road. But I I generally would want like one main big idea like, or or even one big like benefit pain point within the embedded within the the big idea.
Copy Accelerator: And so you know.
Copy Accelerator: yeah, I don't know. It's interesting, Daria said.
Copy Accelerator: It's possible outproof. While the cookbook
Copy Accelerator: had the proof embedded in some way.
Copy Accelerator: Yeah, I mean, I think just the fact that it's a cookbook is like a proof element, because you're like, okay, like, you know.
Copy Accelerator: Mark said. That's what I thought as well. The ideas are crossing over each other here you have metabolism, plantation, papering, and college and super food. Yeah, I agree. And so I found, I think I found this one in my somebody like, I'm on a bunch of email lists. So I'll get them, and then I'll click on links, and if I see some a pages interesting, for whatever reason, I'll save it. But I mean, I have no idea how this you know, I could go find it, use a spy tool.
Copy Accelerator: But going back to that right? What Mark just said, even if you scroll down. This is going a little bit off the big idea thing. But hopefully you don't mind you indulging in the adventure. It's kind of coming down here, the real power of collagen like skin, health, hair, health, nail, growth, joint, health, bone, health got health fat, burning right? And it's kind of like.
Copy Accelerator: So what are we trying to do here? Like? Generally like with like copy, like again, you want to have sort of like
Copy Accelerator: route number one. This is the main pain point. This is the main promise. Relate to that pain point, and it doesn't mean you wouldn't talk about other things. But, like you, probably what I would do if I were going to be
Copy Accelerator: bye, Sandy, if I was, gonna be copy sheeping, this would be like to really figure out, okay, is this anti aging, or is it weight, loss, and fat burning, and which one is the primary focus? And I could still be like, you know, later on like
Copy Accelerator: And then, by the way, you can do headlines like, you know.
Copy Accelerator: here's a story of like, how
Copy Accelerator: you know, how did that?
Copy Accelerator: Or like, how like? Why, why, women swear
Copy Accelerator: so they're they're they're
Copy Accelerator: it looks like they're aging 10 like, why does someone say they're they're aging tenure or Chinese compliantly. Why, why does it like? Why does someone swear? That drinking the smokeshake
Copy Accelerator: Seems to, you know, help them
Copy Accelerator: look like 10 years younger or something like that. That's not that strong, but essentially like you're casting really specific on anti-aging. And you guys saying, really specific on a
Copy Accelerator: on fat burning, too.
Copy Accelerator: But and so actually going back to the criteria like, that's where it's helpful if you if you sort of going through this, and you sort of feel like.
Copy Accelerator: And I don't know if this was your own kind of complex. If you're trying to think through a big idea or the copy that you've written. It doesn't really like, you know.
Copy Accelerator: Does it really
Copy Accelerator: convey the big idea? He might sit there and be like.
Copy Accelerator: like, I'm not sure that's a good sign. Maybe there's things you can do to make it better or stronger.
Copy Accelerator: Isn't this idea of lose weight without having to point any effort, have about struggling use, but almost every weight loss supplement. Aren't people becoming more skeptical when seeing those types of big promises?
Copy Accelerator: I don't know if they are not. I mean, I think it depends on the marketing. Like, I know I'm fatigued seeing them.
Copy Accelerator: but you do also see.
Copy Accelerator: You know. You see them continue to be used, and like sort of offers and funnels that are
Copy Accelerator: having success. So
Copy Accelerator: I don't know. I don't know if you are fatigued on that, or if they're more fatigued on like
Copy Accelerator: rituals and things of that nature, you know, I mean.
Copy Accelerator: probably I'm supposed to say this right, but for the the pet supplement that I'm partnered in.
Copy Accelerator: whatever. Yeah. So like. Like Brad Howard is a partner in that now, too, and he runs like Java Burn and a bunch of other stuff.
Copy Accelerator: I really I don't know what should say on this call. But basically they're doing like Job has been out for a while, and he said that they have this like a couple of new mega affiliates, and and they're doing
Copy Accelerator: like way over a thousand sales a day right now, right? And
Copy Accelerator: so I bring that up just because it's like.
Copy Accelerator: yeah, that offer has been around for a while. And so it's really about traffic. I don't know. It's like people do, or I mean, I'm doing Peptides some of glue tide things like that which is really the promise of like heaven without hell, so to speak. So I don't know. I think the promise is still there.
Copy Accelerator: And so until I basically, I would be like until the market proves that
Copy Accelerator: they've really changed.
Copy Accelerator: like, you know, you would kind of still go that route. That doesn't mean to say, Hey, lose 85 pounds about doing anything like I've written tons of copy where it's like.
Copy Accelerator: you know, like, Hey, of course, you know, diet exercise are important, but this thing can really help give you a boost right? This is like, especially especially if you combine of diet exercise like wow, like, right like. And so really, that comes back to like, you know, compliance, what you're doing, what you're selling that to see the product, all that kind of stuff, too.
Copy Accelerator: yeah, Ben, isn't that where the mechanism comes in
Copy Accelerator: to overcome sighs of that skepticism.
Copy Accelerator: Yeah, and it is often too
Copy Accelerator: so I guess so alright, so
Copy Accelerator: so going back to the milkshake thing, though, like right, this is from like Emma relief. And they have, like this Keto activate thing, conscious Keto.
Copy Accelerator: And so this page is beautiful. By the way I'm gonna give you a document. If you've never seen this page, I love this
Copy Accelerator: because it's really like a
Copy Accelerator: yeah, I would call it so it's like a hybrid page like it looks like an Ecom page right above the fold, as they say.
Copy Accelerator: So basically like
Copy Accelerator: you're looking at it here. It looks like like a nice, clean Ecom page.
Copy Accelerator: The design is great if you start scrolling down at this page
Copy Accelerator: new something chocolate promotes Keto without the frustrations. And it's like my name is Dr. Melissa Newman. I got my doctorate from the University of Louisville, and I'm currently professor a research user university in Ohio. I've taught for 12 years most of nutritionist and survive fat lost coach. The reason I'm here is not because of anything I learned in school and said something. I learned the hard way through personal experience, and although painful, embarrassing, my story. Oh, wait! Is this starting to turn into a sales letter is important here, because it shows
Copy Accelerator: just making one tiny change and eating actually made the difference between my body burning fat or holding onto it. After I first shot. I struggled with weight loss before that I was very active, and never had any problems with my weight. How the fat came on later in life suddenly, like how 85 being 85 pounds over weight led to unusual discovery. And so I love this page because again, it's like very like nicely designed. You sort of like.
Copy Accelerator: go to it. You're like, Oh, yeah, like, you know, it feels like an an Ecom thing right? But then, as you kind of. It's got the mechanism. It's basically like a a sales letter
Copy Accelerator: dressed up.
Copy Accelerator: As
Copy Accelerator: like a.
Copy Accelerator: you know, kind of
Copy Accelerator: as an Ecom page. But it's actually quite long. So I love this page saying, like, I actually did, a training should be in the members area for how to use Claude to kind of write pages like this, so I can link to that circle.
Copy Accelerator: But the reason I wanted to to go through it right now, if this one is because we go back to the the milkshake.
Copy Accelerator: It's sort of like the same concept here. I mean, this literally looks like a mokshake right? And so it's like.
Copy Accelerator: unleash the fat, releasing power of Keto with a deliciously creamy chocolate. Drink
Copy Accelerator: brand new flood your body with ketones supercharged your metabolism, reduce cravings, improvemental focus, ethic performance, and more
Copy Accelerator: and so
Copy Accelerator: like, if we go back to our big idea voter here.
Copy Accelerator: it's a really similar
Copy Accelerator: mechanism or not mechanism up like kind of big idea elements as well. Right? It's sort of like.
Copy Accelerator: But I guess the difference would be back to Keto right? So if you if you're gonna do the building blocks for this one.
Copy Accelerator: what would you put?
Copy Accelerator: Don't be shy.
Copy Accelerator: And again, you think about just like the simplest elements of it, right? So
Copy Accelerator: how many of you guys aren't doing it? Because you're because you're confused because you're like feeling so basic, you don't want to do it.
Copy Accelerator: So I can just do it instead, I guess. But basically there we go. See?
Copy Accelerator: Lucia.
Copy Accelerator: Big idea building block number one, delicious creamy chocolate drink, big idea building block number 2, battery cinquito. Yeah, perfect.
Copy Accelerator: That's good. Right?
Copy Accelerator: combining them together, you know
Copy Accelerator: this delicious creamy chocolate drink can
Copy Accelerator: help you to, you know, achieve, to to get to maximize or achieve the fat, releasing power of keto.
Copy Accelerator: Okay,
Copy Accelerator: it's really that simple.
Copy Accelerator: It's comprehensible. Yeah.
Copy Accelerator: does it feel important?
Copy Accelerator: You know. Same thing there, it's important to like the person I mean.
Copy Accelerator: That's where like, if you have like, some breaking new discovery type of thing like.
Copy Accelerator: But again, there's sort of the the fine line of like does that become too clickbait feeling, or too like too bullshit feeling. But, like, you know, it's pretty important.
Copy Accelerator: exciting same thing. I'd like it to like a skill of one to 10
Copy Accelerator: like. So it's like, you know, if I was gonna like instantly comprehensible. 10.
Copy Accelerator: Right? Important.
Copy Accelerator: I mean, if I'm trying to lose weight. And I like.
Copy Accelerator: I'm putting like a 6 for me. Personally, this is subjective, exciting.
Copy Accelerator: 6
Copy Accelerator: beneficial
Copy Accelerator: like a 9 or a 10. Right? Something like that. Basically like.
Copy Accelerator: obviously.
Copy Accelerator: if I can, you know, do that with this like chocolate. Honestly, the product image goes a long way. If I see it's dark chocolate truffle, and there's like little truffles here, and like
Copy Accelerator: chocolate, dark chocolate bars here like you know
Copy Accelerator: you what it is about the design element, I think. Really, it's like, if you look at this one
Copy Accelerator: and you really look at the Proct image and that drink I'm like, Oh, I want to fucking. Drink that right. And then you look at like the chocolate. Oh, I want to eat that.
Copy Accelerator: and if I go back to Paleo hacks.
Copy Accelerator: I'm like.
Copy Accelerator: you know, like as I said, the surfy thing back there, and I'm like that looks good. And I guess this. You know the pancakes there, I'm like, I wanna eat those muffins like, you know, especially if I'm hungry if I'm dieting and I'm trying to lose weight. And I see this stuff, and I'm like, I wanna eat it. And then it's like, Hey, you can, you know, or you could drink it. And if I do this one.
Copy Accelerator: that's just a product, they would, you know they would do. And this is where I mean, this is kind of cool. I don't know if this hopefully, I'm not just free selling, and you'll think I'm going on adventures. But I would
Copy Accelerator: like, what is this cup of like milk right? It's like if they had a picture of like a delicious looking like milkshake, like a vanilla milkshake with whipped cream and stuff on it
Copy Accelerator: right like a straw coming out of it
Copy Accelerator: like that alone might make me like
Copy Accelerator: way more. Maybe some vanilla leaf like that vanilla leaf that's on the product image like next to this, like delicious looking milkshake of a straw coming out.
Copy Accelerator: I'd be way more into that copy.
Copy Accelerator: It's really interesting, right? But that's really like. So again, the big idea is important, but it kind of shows you the element of the 2 things was like the big idea that are 3 things where the headline like the design. And so
Copy Accelerator: you go to the design of this one. Where again I'm like, Oh, my God! And the whole thing looks great, you know, kind of just like aesthetically, but like
Copy Accelerator: that versus that, you know this page is done tens of millions of dollars
Copy Accelerator: last year. I don't know if this thing is done well at all.
Copy Accelerator: and it's not. That's like the only thing. But that's definitely an element
Copy Accelerator: so
Copy Accelerator: kind of cool kind of cool stuff there.
Copy Accelerator: Okay, here's that the pet one partner and I hate the design of this page. We just went live recently. It's actually doing decently. But
Copy Accelerator: I provide copy you get on calls. I'm not as much
Copy Accelerator: in the weeds again for the Peptide Company, so don't judge me because I'm already like, we need to redesign. This page is hideous.
Copy Accelerator: Hate everything about the design. But
Copy Accelerator: Russ is from Facebook, primarily and an email to you, actually a lot of email. And then we're just starting to do some Facebook traffic more. So for
Copy Accelerator: wild belly, which is like the like a probiotic sort of like longevity supplement. And then,
Copy Accelerator: this one, it's been primarily Facebook. But you know, most of our traffic and sales so far have been email. And then we're trying to get Facebook going. Other verticals, too.
Copy Accelerator: so even though
Copy Accelerator: this is very simple, if we go back to our criteria here
Copy Accelerator: for this one.
Copy Accelerator: And I wrote this letter.
Copy Accelerator: but again.
Copy Accelerator: okay. Leading veterinarian researcher says these 2 missing fats are behind your dogs, painful if he joins not aging.
Copy Accelerator: And like that's really, you know, is missing fats. Okay? So
Copy Accelerator: what would you look at as, the building blocks, we're gonna do at least one more.
Copy Accelerator: maybe a couple more. But
Copy Accelerator: somebody. Let's somebody do it.
Copy Accelerator: Be the brave person
Copy Accelerator: missing fast and not aging, said Ben.
Copy Accelerator: missing fats, achy dog joints aging common problem, missing fats.
Copy Accelerator: Cool? Thanks. Guys.
Copy Accelerator: yeah. I mean, I would say, it's like.
Copy Accelerator: I actually purposely didn't try to think about this one too much
Copy Accelerator: Moni joint pain is normally related to aging, and there's no thing you can do about that.
Copy Accelerator: Yeah.
Copy Accelerator: I'm sure 2 would be. But you can. There's missing fats. Right? I do one dog taking joints. I do. 2. It's not what you think.
Copy Accelerator: Yeah, I mean, I think to me the big idea.
Copy Accelerator: And again. This is not meditated
Copy Accelerator: so Russ, I think you wanna a little bit late. The idea here is like, not that the headline is the big idea, but the headline would be a manifestation of the big idea. So you have your big idea, and then, like you are like your headline should represent that and communicate that big idea and kind of paint a picture of it. And so
Copy Accelerator: yeah, for sure. Right? So yeah, I think, like, if if I'm like, you know. Hey, there's these 2 missing faster behind. Where's what I said, these 2 missing faster behind your dogs. People like you join. So it's like constituent. One might be like, you do it. Another order, frankly right? But like kind of like missing fats.
Copy Accelerator: and then idea, too, would be like, you know.
Copy Accelerator: your dogs!
Copy Accelerator: Painful joints.
Copy Accelerator: And yeah, we've got not aging, I mean, could have you want to put like a block? 3 of not aging.
Copy Accelerator: I go through like joint pain.
Copy Accelerator: and dogs like
Copy Accelerator: you can do this man missing fats are good.
Copy Accelerator: I don't know. There have to be that concurrent right?
Copy Accelerator: So that'll show like what I have here. It's too missing fast behind your dogs painfully. You can join that 18
Copy Accelerator: like
Copy Accelerator: you can also almost do. The inverses, like
Copy Accelerator: dogs need
Copy Accelerator: 2 fats.
Copy Accelerator: but don't get them.
Copy Accelerator: I don't know. I don't know. I'm actually just. I like seeing myself struggle for a second, we go back to what Bill said. Dogs, joints.
Copy Accelerator: missing fats, aching, dog joins. I kind of like Mark had the most honestly.
Copy Accelerator: let me go back to that
Copy Accelerator: missing fats.
Copy Accelerator: taking joints and dogs.
Copy Accelerator: and it's sort of like, you know again. Then, because if you combine them together the like.
Copy Accelerator: Oh, 2, it's too missing.
Copy Accelerator: Bats lead to
Copy Accelerator: taking joints, dogs right?
Copy Accelerator: And there's something to be said again, as I'm just sort of obviously you guys with the replays and and we'll we'll, you know we'll go over tons of stuff. I don't want to feel like I want to feel like I'm I'm just.
Copy Accelerator: I don't know I can't. It's like, I want to cover everything in a single call. But it's like it's a year's worth of stuff. Ultimately we're going to go through right
Copy Accelerator: But like
Copy Accelerator: I still could drop gems because I can't help myself right? And so one of those is always like a a simple thing like often going back to like a culprit like
Copy Accelerator: like we talked about like a juxtition before, right of, like the Mike Tyson, one or the
Copy Accelerator: the whatever the other one was. But it's not always about exposition.
Copy Accelerator: right? It's not sort of like.
Copy Accelerator: you know. This case is sort of is sort of
Copy Accelerator: this. One thing is missing. Right? Add this one thing to your diet, or or and again, it's too missing fast. But it's 1 one thing is missing. It's these 2 missing fats, right? Like there's sort of just one really simple thing that's not working right now. And that's like the real cause of the problem
Copy Accelerator: that's like, always really powerful and works. And that's true of like health. Again, it's like.
Copy Accelerator: if I go to biz OP, for example, right? It's like.
Copy Accelerator: you know, you tried drop shipping on Amazon and Yada Yada Yada. But like, basically, there's this one thing you haven't been doing when you set up your you know Fba account and that's really like the difference one, you know. One thing that you should be doing to get clients that you're not right.
Copy Accelerator: that's like sort of like going back to like things that just work again and again and again. You know, that's sort of like really powerful by market. Why did you highlight not aging and not aching, Joyce? Because I hate the design. I didn't highlight shit. It was just like our designers. Just
Copy Accelerator: like, I hate this page like I was saying so. I mean, if you wanna talk about
Copy Accelerator: okay, I wanna put a product image up here. But I don't really like this weird Paul with a red, glowing light. It's okay. Frankly, it's actually takes up a ton of real estate if you look at all this space here. So I go back to like above the fold, especially on Mobile. Right? Let's inspect it
Copy Accelerator: on
Copy Accelerator: Mobile
Copy Accelerator: like. So this would be considered like right. Anything that you have to scroll that you don't have to scroll for is considered above the fold. Anything that you do have to scroll for
Copy Accelerator: is considered below the fold. And so right now
Copy Accelerator: it's like
Copy Accelerator: a headline, a picture of a dog with like a red like laser beam on his paw, and then at the very bottom, there's like a little bit of copy right? And you have to scroll. So
Copy Accelerator: there's just a lot of elements to this page that the designs like horrible about. And so soon as I saw it was like, Hey, we gotta. There's a lot of stuff we need to fix first and foremost, being
Copy Accelerator: this stuff above default.
Copy Accelerator: Now.
Copy Accelerator: surprise that
Copy Accelerator: it's actually not as bad as you as you keep going like the design becomes like overall better.
Copy Accelerator: but
Copy Accelerator: it's not great, but it's like not. But above the fold is especially brutal.
Copy Accelerator: I mean I get? Yeah, Armand answered. You know, because the misconception is about aging like that's true.
Copy Accelerator: But
Copy Accelerator: I don't know. I'm not sure if I would have highlighted, not using versus if he joins. I don't know. I mean I get you're right. I mean, that's why they did it. I'm not sure if I if I
Copy Accelerator: love it or not.
Copy Accelerator: Alright! Let's look at this a couple more real quick here, perfect. I got 2 more. I think so. It's not a big deal.
Copy Accelerator: Not, you know. We won't take here forever, as we're trying to say. By the way, Zoom could come through something called Swipe Builder, which is pretty cool. It's not free. This guy.
Copy Accelerator: I guess he's really super anonymous on he's on Twitter his Wi-fi money guy. He actually came to the first Ca probe and never back in
Copy Accelerator: 2,019. He's been an affiliate, all of that. But he basically created this cool tool called swipe builder.
Copy Accelerator: I'm not like an affiliate for anything that I forget what the cost is, but for you know, the business owners on this call, or for those of you who might want to tell your company. Hey? I want to get this, or if you just want to get yourself whatever I don't think it's crazy expensive. It's got like an extension, too. So it's really cool.
Copy Accelerator: If you go to Ads library
Copy Accelerator: and go like you know, all ads whatever. And like, I was like, you know, doing this earlier, right
Copy Accelerator: for Gundry, like, you'll see their ads right? And the video and that. But do you guys press swipe.
Copy Accelerator: And basically, then
Copy Accelerator: what happens is
Copy Accelerator: it takes any of those ads.
Copy Accelerator: and it brings them here into like swipe builder for you, which is pretty convenient, right? And then
Copy Accelerator: also you can. You can categorize and put them in like folders, inspect, swipe.
Copy Accelerator: and it can like tell you
Copy Accelerator: data like on them sometimes as well. You go to the Mobile landing page.
Copy Accelerator: the desktop page that it goes to other things like that stats this one just started. There's no stats but for older ones. And then it actually even transcribes the entire thing. So this is like the Vsl cause Gundry runs and feed vs.
Copy Accelerator: vsl is ads like in in like, you know, the stream. So it actually transcribes the entire thing for you, too, which actually comes in super handy for
Copy Accelerator: AI type of stuff and doesn't just do for Facebook either. It does it. For like, for example, for Tiktok, I've been researching
Copy Accelerator: like 2035 year old weight loss stuff. Give me a second here.
Copy Accelerator: I know you can't hear the audio 1 s. Let me switch it. So place for my computer.
Copy Accelerator: We actually need to go through chat too much right now. But but the point is, I can just press swipe right. And then this is just like an actual Tiktok video. But same thing. It actually goes and gets saved
Copy Accelerator: and swipe over to. And then they actually have an AI thing that will like write.
Copy Accelerator: you know, new ads and things like that based off of it. So it's pretty cool.
Copy Accelerator: These are other people who have been swiping things lately. It's funny
Copy Accelerator: Brian Speranella, who's been pro was pro for a long time wrote most of lost it for happy mammoth, but to go back to our swipe file. So I just see I just save that one.
Copy Accelerator: Let's look at like these Gundry ones real quick and this first one
Copy Accelerator: we find. Let me actually
Copy Accelerator: make this a little bit smaller
Copy Accelerator: of.
Copy Accelerator: okay, so you should be able to hear the audio on this
Copy Accelerator: may wear these gut destroyers. Sorry I'll make this water 1 s guys my head my head, but doesn't turn off. I don't think
Copy Accelerator: one sec
Copy Accelerator: can't have you miss out on the fart? Sounds that'd be terrible. Make sure everyone.
Copy Accelerator: Let's wait for these fart sounds.
Copy Accelerator: Grady. Beware of these gut destroyers.
Copy Accelerator: and knowing what makes a good fart or a bad fart starts in the foods you eat. Take broccoli and cauliflower, for instance.
Copy Accelerator: these cruciferous vegetables are packed with fiber and nutrients that our bodies need. When we consume them, our gut bacteria break them down, which is a process that creates gas. Put you to pause right there, because I know it doesn't necessarily.
Copy Accelerator: you might. You might not have realized it.
Copy Accelerator: But really
Copy Accelerator: The big idea for like this ad
Copy Accelerator: is like you can hear right? You guys can't hear it. Gary, I said, for good
Copy Accelerator: like
Copy Accelerator: really is like the first
Copy Accelerator: kind of 2 sentences, and maybe it's a little more implied.
Copy Accelerator: I'll kind of do this one for you right, but it's sort of like the idea of like
Copy Accelerator: like, yeah, good far some bad farts, I mean perfect good job, right? And so sort of like.
Copy Accelerator: you know, this idea of like, there's it's really just that there's good farts, and there's bad farts. And so
Copy Accelerator: really, I mean, honestly ideal. One good farts idea, 2 bad farts. Or maybe it's like ideal one
Copy Accelerator: farting idea to like.
Copy Accelerator: what you eat.
Copy Accelerator: like, yeah.
Copy Accelerator: your health like like I, an easy way to measure your health right? You can sort of measure your health by.
Copy Accelerator: If your fart's good or bad, I don't know something like that like
Copy Accelerator: I'm trying to play. I'm trying. I mean, I'm doing this sort of live because I didn't want to overly meditate on it.
Copy Accelerator: but like
Copy Accelerator: so you'd assume
Copy Accelerator: like those are. Give me like broccoli and and cauliflower good farts.
Copy Accelerator: I mean, honestly, maybe it's as simple as like, well, so I want to say, like, it's something as simple as like good farts, bad farts.
Copy Accelerator: But the question. And it sounds funny you're talking about farce.
Copy Accelerator: But if you can combine those together right, you don't necessarily see like that doesn't make sense. There are good farts and bad parts. There are good parts.
Copy Accelerator: So really it's like
Copy Accelerator: parts.
Copy Accelerator: and I guess I don't know what was one part to be. I don't have any ideas. It'd be like
Copy Accelerator: you know
Copy Accelerator: what you eat.
Copy Accelerator: you know, dictates
Copy Accelerator: how you feel, and maybe it's that
Copy Accelerator: right. And so sort of like
Copy Accelerator: what you, what you eat to taste your your health. You are what you eat
Copy Accelerator: right?
Copy Accelerator: And so sort of like.
Copy Accelerator: be good food is, you'll have
Copy Accelerator: good farts.
Copy Accelerator: and if you eat bad foods you'll have
Copy Accelerator: bad farts.
Copy Accelerator: That's sort of it.
Copy Accelerator: 8.
Copy Accelerator: Yeah, I agree, Ben. Good. Call right? Also juxtaposition of like
Copy Accelerator: farts are bad, and then, oh, some Fars can be good.
Copy Accelerator: right?
Copy Accelerator: so yeah, I don't know. This is, this is like where this tool or this little framework is is sort of
Copy Accelerator: it's something to get to play around with, and it gets you thinking about the copy. More.
Copy Accelerator: I mean, if I think about it, is like, okay, like, is that comprehensible that there's good farts and bad farts like, yeah, the total, it totally is. So it's interesting, and never I never. I've seen that before.
Copy Accelerator: Oh, yeah, makes sense.
Copy Accelerator: you know. I mean, obviously, you could sort of like, even do other angles or variations of this right is like, and I've seen this a little bit more. But like, why does some far smell terrible? And some don't smell at all right? Like, obviously, it's immediately it's almost paradoxical. Another way. You could sort of position this.
Copy Accelerator: but yeah, it's instantly comprehensible. Is it important?
Copy Accelerator: oh, I guess you know kind of again, if you're into I the important thing is almost a complied and like, if you're watching this, and you're interested in gut health. And it's kind of important to you. Is it? Exciting? Kind of, I mean, fart sounds exciting. Gives you kind of
Copy Accelerator: locked in.
Copy Accelerator: And is it beneficial? Yeah, I mean, I think people again, if you're interested in your health, then it's beneficial. And it's gonna lock you in. And especially for an ad, right? Because then it turns into the whole Vsl. But really like
Copy Accelerator: this could be the opening of any ad. It could be the opening of like a 2 min ad or 1 min ad like, that's why I wanted to kind of show a couple of add examples, because, like, it's not like something where I really, it's like a hook, right? But it's sort of like
Copy Accelerator: we'll talk more about hooks and and and a future call by the next call. May one more big ideas next call but like.
Copy Accelerator: you know, cause I guess, like, what's the difference between a big idea on a hook. And it's like the difference is.
Copy Accelerator: you've got a lot of hooks, but only one big idea.
Copy Accelerator: right? So
Copy Accelerator: you know, arguably, ads will focus on hooks more than big ideas. But I still want to show you how you could like take.
Copy Accelerator: you know, that same criteria, and look at sort of a hook, or like the big idea of an ad, so to speak, like, and
Copy Accelerator: you know, evaluate it. Let's look at one more
Copy Accelerator: from Gundry.
Copy Accelerator: and it was this gluten one here.
Copy Accelerator: So hit play on this.
Copy Accelerator: What does Gluten do to the body?
Copy Accelerator: See, gluten is a natural plant.
Copy Accelerator: Sorry I'm trying to get bigger. So the heck happened to that.
Copy Accelerator: What does Gluten do to the body?
Copy Accelerator: See, gluten is a natural plant, protein you'll find in a lot of grains. It's what give bread and other products that gluey chewiness. Now, if you've tested positive for celiac or gluten intolerance, eating gluten may cause reactions like bloating fatigue, indigestion, and constipation as a doctor, I recommend anyone with this allergy to unquestionably avoid gluten.
Copy Accelerator: However, my research, in addition to several other trusted sources, suggest only 1% of Americans are affected by celiac. And yet 33% buy these pricey gluten free products.
Copy Accelerator: Now, the other 32% may feel better because they are actually avoiding a different plant protein, which means gluten is often not the true problem.
Copy Accelerator: Okay? So that was a little bit longer.
Copy Accelerator: Right to get in kind of come in.
Copy Accelerator: But
Copy Accelerator: I mean, I would say, probably like A.
Copy Accelerator: And, by the way, if you look at the I know this is like on my screen. But people know there's something wrong
Copy Accelerator: yeah, there anymore. But so, going back to that, you know, something's wrong. But you don't know what like, I talked about with that very first one on hidden conservation.
Copy Accelerator: Similar concept. Right? But
Copy Accelerator: you know.
Copy Accelerator: So you know.
Copy Accelerator: let's go do one more of these kind of like a criteria things and look, and we'll try to to take a shot at these sort of
Copy Accelerator: building blocks.
Copy Accelerator: I'll remove farts for now
Copy Accelerator: anyone, it's okay. If not, give you guys a chance here.
Copy Accelerator: Okay, 10 s, 10,
Copy Accelerator: 9,
Copy Accelerator: 8, 7, 6, 5
Copy Accelerator: gluten. There's a hidden cause. Yeah.
Copy Accelerator: glimmer cause reaction. If you have, you're intolerant
Copy Accelerator: but you have to say, maybe something else.
Copy Accelerator: Yeah, I agree, basically something something like that, right? Like, we didn't
Copy Accelerator: is bad.
Copy Accelerator: there's a real
Copy Accelerator: hidden.
Copy Accelerator: Yeah.
Copy Accelerator: it goes. Just keep it as simple as what might say, like hidden cause right? Like
Copy Accelerator: like
Copy Accelerator: But really, it's like, you know.
Copy Accelerator: booting is bad, but
Copy Accelerator: there's a hidden
Copy Accelerator: plant, protein
Copy Accelerator: and foods that could be the real cause of your gut problems.
Copy Accelerator: Not good and
Copy Accelerator: right
Copy Accelerator: to said, Yeah, try anything better. They're actually super number. Yeah, that's good. That's good to hear.
Copy Accelerator: So yeah, gloom is bad. There's a hand plant protein foods. Okay, there's something hidden in foods. You can just, you know, say, plant proteins or keep it really basic.
Copy Accelerator: something
Copy Accelerator: like hidden under unknown foods is is the real cause of your gut problems.
Copy Accelerator: Sorry gloom is bad, but there's an implant protein foods that could be the real cause. You've got problems
Copy Accelerator: right. And that's sort of like our
Copy Accelerator: big idea, there's that comprehensible.
Copy Accelerator: Yeah.
Copy Accelerator: Important
Copy Accelerator: again for the market, yeah, especially. And a lot of people are interested in gluten right? And they think that being gloom free, you may. They're spending a lot of money
Copy Accelerator: like like he kind of loses an opening that ad.
Copy Accelerator: Suppose important, exciting.
Copy Accelerator: If you're into this sort of thing. Yeah.
Copy Accelerator: beneficial. Yeah. And I guess we haven't do is like, does that self support the copy? The Ca, but basically, it does like every time and everything we've looked at the copy helps, you know, the big idea to help support it, because it's like milkshakes. Right? Cookbook. The 2 missing fats for the dog. One was like something with that. Has those 2 missing fats right? The joint fats we call them 2 missing joint fats.
Copy Accelerator: And here, like, yeah, I mean, where they're selling to some kind of like, gut, you know, probabic
Copy Accelerator: supplement thing. And so basically, if that helps to like, you know, that helps undo the the damage of this hidden plant protein.
Copy Accelerator: So it's going to help do that
Copy Accelerator: help to solve it. Right? Okay? So
Copy Accelerator: I'm gonna stop here.
Copy Accelerator: And who has a
Copy Accelerator: yeah, Darius said Glen, is an excuse to enter in the dialogue in the viewers. Mine gloom is popular. They connect you the root cause lectin or problem. Yeah, I'm sure it is lectin, right for the plant protein. And yeah, totally. It goes back to like
Copy Accelerator: entering the pro, the conversation, the prospects mind super viable. So okay, do you guys have any any questions
Copy Accelerator: based on what we just gone through so far today.
Copy Accelerator: Well, that's just so far. But that's basically yeah, that's gonna be it for today. On this first big idea training, I'll tell you guys some action items, and and I'll talk about
Copy Accelerator: 2 other things. But if you have questions from the chat, and if you if you say Hey, I'd rather unmute myself. You can unmute yourself and and bring them up to
Copy Accelerator: while you're while you're doing that.
Copy Accelerator: Come back to that question a second Armen.
Copy Accelerator: you know.
Copy Accelerator: like I said before, I mean, I mentioned how there's a coke's first big ideas and some ads, and there's some like if I'm looking at. For example.
Copy Accelerator: a free plus shipping book funnel.
Copy Accelerator: right? Like I had. What I've gone through was just like.
Copy Accelerator: you know, hey, new, my free book will show you how to become a millionaire in 90 days with these 7 like millionaire habits it's like.
Copy Accelerator: Is there a big idea? I mean, you can do the same thing to go. 7 habits become a millionaire. But it's like
Copy Accelerator: as a really a big idea. I don't know but it's also like a free book that just has a really strong value proposition. And so we'll we'll talk about this in future calls. But, like.
Copy Accelerator: you know, I just wanna be clear on that like. Not every
Copy Accelerator: piece of copy you ever write has to have like a really big idea, especially for, like
Copy Accelerator: a simple, free plus shipping thing, or like a simple ad, something really direct. You know that being said
Copy Accelerator: still thinking about it, Mick, is there a way to kind of
Copy Accelerator: like a
Copy Accelerator: you know, confer a big idea is is like a
Copy Accelerator: not a bad way to go about it, you know. Keeping that in mind is definitely still valuable
Copy Accelerator: And the thing I want you guys to do is like sort of homework, let's say, between now and and next week, and then I will
Copy Accelerator: come back to those questions in a second and answer any more. In addition to those, you know, I really try and be more. Be more aware. It's like that phenomenon of like
Copy Accelerator: somebody mentions a model of a car. And then every time you're out driving, you see that car now, or you're thinking about buying a car right when you look at copy, whether it's for your own
Copy Accelerator: company, by the company you work with the company that's yours, or you're just like on Facebook or Instagram or Tiktok.
Copy Accelerator: you know, or you just click over to landing page, or you go as a consumer to something kind of like, you know, try to like.
Copy Accelerator: think about this right? Well, how would I break this down into like the different
Copy Accelerator: components?
Copy Accelerator: And then, like, you know, how could I? How does it match like that sort of criteria? I shared and then, you know, specifically, as you are writing, copy your ads, or whatever it is, you know, taking a minute to whatever you've you've written
Copy Accelerator: to kind of sit back and be like, okay, what is the big idea? Is there a big idea here? What am I trying to say like, how does it match up? Is there a way I can make it more comprehensible?
Copy Accelerator: Feel more important, feel more exciting, you know, seem more beneficial.
Copy Accelerator: And does this big idea really support?
Copy Accelerator: Copy, you know, selling the product. So that's like a really your action item
Copy Accelerator: for like the week. Right? And I think that's a really, you know.
Copy Accelerator: this is good. The more you think about that the better. It is because, honestly
Copy Accelerator: like I put in that that email and that I share in the Whatsapp group as well. A link to in the Whatsapp group. But
Copy Accelerator: so much of copy really is about the ideas more than like the actual writing, like, it's really not that.
Copy Accelerator: like, yeah, for long form and stuff. There's like structure, and there's like
Copy Accelerator: nuance shit, we'll we'll talk about all that. It makes a difference. It's not not not important, but like
Copy Accelerator: the idea is the most important thing. If you can capture, captivate, you know, bring somebody in, make it feel exciting, beneficial, right, and it ties into the product. And and you, you know, it's really about point someone to that universe. And
Copy Accelerator: you know, if the idea is weak.
Copy Accelerator: then it doesn't really.
Copy Accelerator: nothing else really matters.
Copy Accelerator: So the more you you're thinking about that, the better. Generally your copy and angles and hooks and ads, and all that stuff's going to be.
Copy Accelerator: So I mean, said, you know, how do you recommend brainstorming big ideas for different products? So yeah, I'm gonna teach a a really specific process for that kind of breakthrough ideas process. I'm probably I it's I. Frankly, I think it's in circle, and you can go watch the trainings. I've done on the past.
Copy Accelerator: I think I'm gonna teach it again because it it works. It's worked multiple times. It's not the easiest thing to like
Copy Accelerator: teach in like an hour. So I'm gonna you know, I might take a couple of sessions on it, we'll see. But it's really
Copy Accelerator: cool, and it works. And it's it's a really good process for doing that. But if you're anxious and want to go see it, it's I think if you if you search for breakthrough ideas and the members area. It should show up. If it doesn't let me know and circle or something, I'll make sure that it's there, you know, added, you guys have access to it.
Copy Accelerator: you know, that's probably the the easiest, and then we'll go through more detail. And then Dario said.
Copy Accelerator: is the big idea, a sexy way to present the outcome. We're promising.
Copy Accelerator: I would say.
Copy Accelerator: The big idea
Copy Accelerator: isn't always that as much as like the headline or the copy like that. That's the thing I don't think I really understood until recently with big ideas. It's like
Copy Accelerator: going back to sort of like. The headline is like the manifestation of the big idea, or like the copy, is the manifestation of the big idea. I think that's all the the sexiness right like that's sort of all the
Copy Accelerator: the sizzle. But if I go back to like that, Mike Tyson one, it's really like.
Copy Accelerator: you know.
Copy Accelerator: like, yeah, it's related. But it's not. It's not directly
Copy Accelerator: 100% direct that, like Mike Tyson used to be fat
Copy Accelerator: like I'm sorry. My test is like scary dude, but inside of you feel like a fat, scared little kid.
Copy Accelerator: Right? That yeah, it does. It supports it. But it's not like
Copy Accelerator: directly presenting the outcome is we're talking about Mike Tyson.
Copy Accelerator: sometimes it is more direct, like, obviously like the milkshake thing it's like, Hey.
Copy Accelerator: you know, drink milkshake
Copy Accelerator: being key to lose weight.
Copy Accelerator: Eat pancakes being cable lose weight. Right? That's that's more of a direct way, so it can be. But I don't think that's like a
Copy Accelerator: it's not always that way, I guess I would say right. I mean, like again.
Copy Accelerator: good fat. There's good farts and bad farts, and
Copy Accelerator: you know, like
Copy Accelerator: you are what you eat.
Copy Accelerator: It's like, you know, if that if that is sort of like the big idea of that Gundry ad, it's not specifically saying
Copy Accelerator: like,
Copy Accelerator: it's implied. I guess it's implied more than it's explicit sometimes
Copy Accelerator: any other questions before we wrap up.
Copy Accelerator: Don't be shy if you got something.
Copy Accelerator: and if that's okay, you guys, was this was this good of our first training? Obviously, like, you know.
Copy Accelerator: I'm getting back into the
Copy Accelerator: the group like the groove myself here on everything, I mean, I think let's keep most of these questions.
Copy Accelerator: primarily on the topic here and then. But you know, through the the feedback thing, or whatever in the Whatsapp group, or whatever you can
Copy Accelerator: hit other topics. But just for that that to your personal question, what are your favorite kinds of headlines.
Copy Accelerator: y'all do a whole training on that. So answer that a bit more detail. Then I mean, I like.
Copy Accelerator: yeah, I like headlines that just really
Copy Accelerator: grab curiosity that really gets you to like.
Copy Accelerator: kinda you know, kind of like almost to do a double take but yeah.
Copy Accelerator: cool. And Ben, I'm glad it was helpful. I mean. I'll do. I'll do some, you know, in depth. Headline trainings for sure. Stefan. Glad to hear that, my fellow Stefan. So alright sweet! We'll get this replay up and and circle right the members area.
Copy Accelerator: You'll have it under
Copy Accelerator: whatever is there the weekly training recordings? We'll have a company and documents for that as well. We'll let you know. And Whatsapp and via email when those replays are, when the replays up and ready, and, you know, feel free to leverage the Whatsapp group as well. So for those of you who are, you know, on on various teams, and we're put in, you know, by whoever is running the business awesome. So glad again that you're here and leverage that Whatsapp group, if you're like, hey? I would think about the big idea stuff. Here's a question I have, or whatever it is, right and you know, both myself and and your peers can help to kind of bring clarity so
Copy Accelerator: awesome. Thank you all so much. Really appreciate it. And I'll see you all on video next week, and I'll be in the West App Group and talking to you all soon. Thanks, guys
Copy Accelerator: and gals.